# Functions
Functions assignments one through 6
greeting function defines a function called "greet_guest" with one "name" parameter, it prints a string "Welcome, {name}! To the Desperado Hotel. We hope you enjoy your stay.", Where {name} is the value of the parameter given to the function. In the second cell, the function is called using different parameters, a variable, a string, an integer, a dictionary, an attribute within a dictionary, a list, and a value within a list. I made notes next to the ones that don't work well for the function. I wonder what other types would work as the parameter to get the intended result
simple_math_function defines a function add_numbers() which takes two variable parameters (a and b), it makes a c variable equal to a plus b, then prints c. In the second cell I tested the function using single digit variables, multiple digit variables, negative value variables, strings, and variables. 
simple_interest_calculator.ipynb defines a function calculate_interest() which takes three variables as paramaters (principal, rate, time), it makes an interest variable equal to principal times (rate divided by one hundred) times time, then prints " 'The calculated interest is:', interest ". The second cell tests the function three times with different number inputs. I got an error when I tried using string inputs.
favorite_color defines a function favorite_color() which takes two variables as parameters (name, color), it makes a message variable equal to name plus " 's favorite color is " plus color, then prints the message. The second cell tests the function three times with different string inputs. I got an error when I tried using integers as inputs.
activity_selector defines sunny_activity() rainy_activity() and snowty_activity(), each of which takes one parameter (name), makes a message " 'Hello ' + name + ', I suggest you...' " with an appropiate suggestion for the weather. It then defines activity_suggestion() which takes two parameters (weather_condition, name), makes weather_condition lower case and strips whitespace from around it, using a series of if, elif statements it calls the activity function matching the weather_condition parameter using name as name, else it prints an error message. I then tested the function using the examples from the assignment as well as random examples and I tested that the .lower() and .strip() methods worked as intended. 